If we summarize, we can say that the initial process
of establishing
a primitive electromagnetic axis
will gradually organize the possibility of a differential growth
rate.
This differential growth rate is like an algorithm that is taken up in the system
which will cause...
It will at some point cause this precise wave that we call the "hola",
in Spanish, of the notochord.
This will form this notochordal process which, at the same time,
will allow the establishment of the lateral process that we call mesodermal.
At the same time, I will have all the symmetry beginning to establish itself.
At the same time, I have a fulcrum at the level of my brain,
or rather at the level of my skull base, at the level of the future sphenobasilar synchondrosis,
which becomes like a fulcrum for the system,
with the developing potential of the sacrum.
And in this development, all my cerebralization begins to
establish itself.
So it will cause cerebralization, which will cause cardialization,
which will cause cerebralization.
now, in cardialization, diaphragmatization,
which will cause hepatization.
Through posterior growth, it will cause pneumatization, which will
cause adrenalization
posterior, followed, etc.
At the moment of my brain, in this three-encephalon phase,
at the same time, I will
have Mr. Macaulay.
which opens laterally,
the foramen of Monro which opens up
and which opens the ventricular system
at the same time that it simply follows the process
of cerebralization or corticalization
or cerebralization or posterior neurulation
which comes back here,
which is reformed here with an important fulcrum
on a hitch-point that we call the insula.
The target point,
it's always one, the truly silent point, it's
the tip of your notochord.
But in the brain itself, the fulcrum, the pivot point will be the insula, the hitch point for the development of this. We have this process of ascent at that moment and this process of descent. The two movements will organize this whole process. That means that what happens here, when you have the process of cerebralization, you see, what happens at the level of the brain, what happens at the level of your digestive tract, what happens at the level of your cardiac tube, and what happens at the level of your pulmonary tube. It happens in the same synchronous movements. This is very important, this ascent of your tube, and this descent here, with the very important zone, which allows this whole phenomenon, it's your heart and your relationship with your...
It happens in the same synchronous movements.
This is very important, this ascent of your tube,
and this descent here,
with the very important zone,
which allows this whole phenomenon,
it's your heart and your relationship with your...
The notochord will induce the
formation of your neural plate, anteriorly, here in the
entire embryo,
which is like this, anteriorly, through this
bias, I have two trajectories that are made,
fluidic, which will create above my precardiac zone. And this, this
comes to curl up above, like that.
We will see the different palpations and the different depths of palpations,
the palpation with the hitch point, the fulcrum when we have the development of the brain,
and then the palpation of the brain with the dynamic position itself,
the dynamic of this development,
and then we will see this pure development here, and then all these relationships with the heart,
the liver and the digestive system.
When we talk about depth, we have a superficial
zone where we can come into contact with what we
first call the hair, that will be easy, then
we will have the bone, the skin, the bone, we will pass little by little, we
will find ourselves just behind here, and we will have a first layer which would be a dural
visceral layer.
then we will gradually have the fluid layer protecting the brain,
then we will be able to gradually enter the cortical layer,
feel this movement,
and we will descend into the depth, little by little to go to the level of the nuclei,
we won't linger too much there,
then we will go to the ventricular plane, but especially lateral.